[terra-toggle]fixing focus issue & added expanded & collapse state (#3715)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-core-docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Changed
>   * Fixed Focus Issue & Expand/collapse state for `terra-toggle` examples.
> * Added 
>   * Added Label Example for `terra-toggle` examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed
  * Updated examples to use informative icons

* Added 
  * Added Label Example for `terra-toggle`.
```
